Add charter for SIG Scalability (#227)
cilium/community: sig-scalability/README.md

# SIG Scalability

SIG Scalability is responsible for maintaining, tracking and improving scalability of Cilium

The [charter](charter.md) defines the scope and governance.

## Meetings and Channel

Join our [slack channel](https://cilium.slack.com/archives/C069SNDMLA2) in the Cilium Slack, or join our meetings on

> * Monthly on the fourth Thursday - [Meeting Notes](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/18OSu3vj44PV8gsnHTgOROWnDvY7SEyWEqVY_ONO_Rr0/edit%23heading%3Dh.hcbawmvewsin&sa=D&source=calendar&usd=2&usg=AOvVaw1WpX1WrXpJkEs8QDKnsuG2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monthly on the fourth Thursday - [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18OSu3vj44PV8gsnHTgOROWnDvY7SEyWEqVY_ONO_Rr0/edit?usp=sharing)
```
